https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLm8JCjfWVs ; In Too Deep ~ Battle Tapes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxY5xLKipp4 ; Explosion ~ Kalwi & Remi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhjWiBeqjB8 ; Saddy Daddy-O ~ Artimus Wolz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvipPYFebWc ; Roundtable Rival ~ Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4hQksuJbN8 ; Houdini ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ixZOT4vMHI ; Without Me ~ Eminem 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbGs_qK2PQA ; Rap God ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZROEAEkPCp8 ; The Real Slim Shady ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlU4FuIJT2k ; Proffessional Rapper ~ Lil Dicky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChukpOHfAI8 ; Nobody ~ One Republic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rf_3EQYzUV4 ; Shatter Me ~ Lindsey Stirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4taIpALfAo ; Ghost ~ Delta Heavy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVx1mJDeUjY ; After Dark ~ After Dark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhfJzrO9LUQ ; Too High ~ Lil Dicky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B46YxyWr8rQ ; 9mm ~ Shigure Ui
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZbkF-15ObM ; Delta ~ C2C
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHccClTAdzc ; She Wants Me Dead ~ Cazzette
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDU_Txk06tM ; Crab Rave ~ Noisestorm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k85mRPqvMbE ; Axel F ~ Crazy Frog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_uS0aT0bG8 ; Guitarmass ~ Infected Mushroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82N3iOVoR54 ; I Wish ~ Infected Mushroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ_tiz6DJFQ ; I Stand Alone ~ Godsmack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SSUQxGjZZ4 ; Voodoo ~ Godsmack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pi3_Zs-oRUo ; Till I Collapse ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGx6K90TmCI ; X Gonna Give It To Ya ~ DMX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7-GTShjcqY ; Darkside ~ Neoni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YELqGMqrv-s ; Military Storm ~ Trance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3X_zx8q8_s ; Save Dat Money ~ Lil Dicky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlU4FuIJT2k ; Professional Rapper ~ Lil Dicky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVB2Jlpx6jo ; Without Me ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIES3ii-IOg ; Kaizo Trap ~  Leslie Wai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbGs_qK2PQA ; Rap God ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7oEoza3zOo ; My Name Is ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wnq4-gDP7Ho ; Berzerk ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psl_5n8R23A ; Faggot ~ Mindless Self Indulgence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZLo8sBOt4A ; Shut Me Up ~ Mindless Self Indulgence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjLVijzJ9SI ; Stupid MF ~ Mindless Self Indulgence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhjk5x54bsE ; Money ~ Mystery Skulls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8Bbj2qkL4A ; Aggretsuko Theme ~ Aggretsuko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KgSP3vjf4Y ; Alien ~ Your Favorite Martian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaqfN9aGCSk ; All I do is Win ~ DJ Khaled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAPCmwYi7Kk ; All I Ever Wanted ~ Basshunter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ol3PSROlwg ; All My Fellas ~ Frizk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn0gVjPrUj0 ; All the Small Things ~ Blink-182
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR5l-1lmkkI ; Alone ~ Marshmello
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozZuHzYIsqY ; Always Do ~ The Kid Laroi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9h7hU6_VI4 ; Animal I have Become ~ Three Days Grace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wH3JmLBOnMU ; Ashes ~ Steller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRNyamyBOIQ ; Astronaut In The Ocean ~ Masked Wolf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwiNlXybbrI ; B.Y.O.B. ~ System Of A Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrim6_9VSeM ; Back in Black ~ AC-DC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyRLWnS7wWE ; Bad Romance ~ Halestorm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-TRMKlfToA ; Barracuda ~ Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ney-R7G3HGk ; Bartender Song ~ Rehab
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lof1pYtL9Q ; Basket Case ~ Green Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ErhhvVPbg4 ; Be Alive ~ Nightcore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1tZ8YxzNCU ; Beautiful ~ Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzqw_Dqa0SU ; Beautiful Lies ~ B-Complex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFoacsmKV6o ; Butiful Life ~ Ace of Base
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sl2HeP8RlfU ; Beautifu Now ~ Zedd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QhlIGFb71A ; Because I Got High ~ Afroman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdU5WkuHywY ; Beelzeboss ~ Tenacious D
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTsmVFbR100 ; Best Day of my Life ~ American Authors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f75ZmwZhrEs ; Best of Me ~ Neffex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpfdfpoHgIs ; Better off Alone ~ Alice Deejay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGdSSQPUmVY ; Better off Unlocked ~ MeanGirlXO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pIBHrlWrcc ; Betty Boop ~ Betty Booom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Dh-RL__uN4 ; Bitch Lasagna ~ PewDiePie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xti_6Bzpa8A ; Devils Never Cry ~ Capcom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSwzZoLCoZ0 ; Bleed It Out ~ Linkin Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwxLwG2_Sxk ; Blinding Lights ~ The Weeknd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsHYFQgQxpw ; Blood Water ~ Grandson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbZHhChx5yo ; Bodies ~ Drowning Pool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNsPYmkSPeI ; Bones ~ Imagine Dragons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RxInn7tkRQ ; Boondocks ~ Little Big Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51XzW98wEDg ; Boulevard of Broken Dreams ~ Green Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGtQMT-QLgc ; Break My Stride ~ Matthew Wilder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyjleBCXlbg ; Build a Bitch ~ Bella Poarch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4D7TjlDiuYM ; Bulletproof ~ La Roux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQ94uM_e4P4 ; Caffeine ~ Jeff & Casey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcESQKRnKuE ; Cake By the Ocean ~ DNCE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Klrlu2T1pMo ; Itty Bitty Tiddy Committee ~ Ham Sandwitch
